Assassin
========
RULES
Each player is assigned an initial target. All the players together form a single loops. The goal is to be the last person alive. When a player "kills" his (real-life) target, he acquires the target's target. 

FILES
assassin.c: Server that runs continuously on homer during a game. Accepts a user string, deals with it, and produces a result. Takes input from well-known fifo "upstream" and prints to stdout.

live.txt: Contains a list of all name/password pairs in order. Each player's target is on the next line, with wrap-around. Cannot be read or written to except by the account on which it's stored.***not yet implemented

dead.txt: List of all dead name/passwords, in no particular order. For internal use by assassin.c.

USAGE
assasin.c runs in two phases: 
1) signup - via a website, players submit their name and an unimportant password in the form 'firstlast password'. Names are added to live.txt.
2) gameplay - When the admin password is entered ('start password') signup ends and the game starts. The website is updated to instruct users to request their first target. live.txt is shuffled. 

During gameplay, users can record their kills and receive their next target. When a player makes a kill, the victim must give the assassin his password. The assassin can then log his kill and receive his new target in the following way:
       Go to the website and authenticate identity using assassin's name/password string. 
       Then authenticate the kill by entering the victim's name/password.
When the game ends, the website updates with the winner's name. 

INTERFACE:
All interaction will take place via a web page with a single text field/submit button form. This will be sent directly to "upstream". Assassin.c will respond with the appropriate html, which will be sent only to the requesting client.
When appropriate, the html will be written to the web page: instructions to get first target, announcement of winner. (All other responses are private).

TO DO
-shuffle()
-authenticate assassin
-web page
